$Id: UPGRADE23.txt,v 1.2 2003/04/30 07:38:57 glen Exp $
UPGRADE23.txt
Instructions for upgrading a older version of Siteframe to release 2.3.


DATABASE

1. Ensure that your database is up to the release 2.2.0 level. There
are a series of scripts in the ./sql directory entitled
"upgradeOLDtoNEW.sql". These will progress your database structures
up to the 2.2.0 level.

2. If possible, halt your webserver before continuing.

3. Run the script ./scripts/upgrade220to230.sh. This script dumps
your database for safekeeping before applying the upgrade220to230.sql
SQL script. This script modifies a number of tables as well as
encrypting your passwords and generating user cookies. If you do
not have access to the command line, then run the upgrade220to230.sql
script via your MySQL interface.

4. Update your system files to the 2.3 versions.

5. Edit your config.php file and change the value of COOKIE; I
recommend the new value "sf23". This will ensure that users are
forced to login the next time they visit your site.

5. Restart your web server.


SECURITY

All passwords are now stored in encrypted form. This means that
password reminders are no longer available; instead, the "reminder.php"
script has been replaced with the "reset.php" script, which generates
a new, random password and sends it to the user. The user is required
to change his or her password on their next login.


MACROS

The property MACRO_AUTOLOAD is now deprecated. Instead, Siteframe
looks in the ./macros subdirectory and processes all files found
there as macro files. If you have custom macros, put them in a file
in that directory. If there are sequence dependencies (for example,
if your macro overrides a standard macro), then ensure that the
file names are in sequential order. The standard Siteframe macro
library is called "100-siteframe.macro" in that directory.


PLUG-INS

Siteframe 2.3 now supports the concept of plug-ins. Any files found
in the ./plugins subdirectory are automatically loaded. As an
example, the "Bug Report" document class has been modified to run
as a plugin. If you want to develop extensions or enhancements to
Siteframe, you can place them in the ./plugins directory and they
will be automatically loaded. If you have modified code, for example,
it is highly recommended that you place the modified code in the
./plugins directory. In this way, your changes will not be overwritten
with new versions of the software.
